My passion for coding began at a young age. I was maybe twelve years old when I picked up a copy of Stroustrup’s own C++ text. Working through the book, I wrote my first linked list using a borrowed compiler on an ancient computer. But coding had always been a hobby to me; since then, I became a welding engineer and a robot programmer.

Having worked and studied in the welding industry for nearly a decade, I finally decided to return aggressively to full-time coding. It's been now about three years since making that decision; I attended a coding bootcamp and 

// welcome

Hey there! Thanks for stopping by. 

I'm Mark and I've been building web apps for over two years.

My focus has been on front-end development with an emphasis on accessibility. While I've also spent time developing APIs, I found the most fun to be had in laying out an interface and populating it with fun animations that can delight the user: and ensuring that those with disabilities are not left behind either. 

There are many exciting opportunities to pursue in the world of software and web development. I'm most curious to learn more about big data or machine learning; or in applying those tools in meaningful ways. I want to apply knowledge to affect decision making in the real world. 

There's a bit more about me below. Please peruse my side projects, with which I've practiced my craft, and feel free to leave any feedback as well. 


// Experience


When considering a specific project, ask yourself the following questions:

What specifically makes me proud of this web development project?
How does this project differ from the ones already showcased in my portfolio?
Am I willing to replace an existing portfolio piece with this one?


Notes:
  Welcome
  about me
    experience
    techs / skills -- *accessibility*
    hobbies / other cool stuff
  projects
    pending updates
  blog
    cats lol
  contact
    resume download
    leave a comment


  // update eslint with spacers inside curly braces rule

  techs
  JavaScript:
    Node / express
    React / Redux
    VueJS
    jQuery

  Web stuff:
    HTML5, Bootstrap
    CSS / Sass
    Web accessibility

  Other:
    Git
    GitHub / BitBucket
    UI / UX Design
    Jira

  CS:
    Data Structures
    Algorithms
    TeamCity
    Postgres

  mocha / chai



  
